So when you went to reform the mori teres, did that feel very different being now?
Oh it was horrible.
Right, okay.
It was, first of all, it was quite strange men and women sat together.
And having always up until then been separated, that was strange.
I didn't like the organ either.
The Hebrew was pronounced in a different way, which as a child or a girl growing up, I acclimatised to
I did have cheda there for a year or so.
I think they wanted me to be bat mitzvah and I more or less, not bat mitzvah but
they didn't have anything for females in the orthodox.
But the reform did a little bit more.
We had a regular rabbi, Rabbi Graf, who was also German or from Germany.
I don't know whether I flunked out of it or what but by then I
I wasn't all that demure.
I'd had coaching in order to get part, to get, I was given coaching in order to get through the
11 plus and I'd had enough of, I suppose, Hebrew extra lessons.
I didn't want any more extra lessons for the rest of my life.
And I think the two other girls, Aunt Joseph was one, I can't remember who the other one was.
Oh, Barbara Graf.